In 1989, my father attended a little protest in Beijing, China. [You might have heard of it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1989_Tiananmen_Square_protests_and_massacre) He stood amongst tens of thousands of college students who had courageously gathered to demand basic rights such as freedom of speech and freedom of press, students who would go on to lay down their lives in the pursuit of those sacred principles. He watched as his own government deployed tanks and troops, armed with rifles and instructed to fire upon their own countrymen.

That was in 1989.

Now, in 2024, we are witnessing a nation-wide crackdown against those protesting our country's continued support for the indiscriminate slaughter of civilians in Gaza. University administrators dispatch police in riot gear and armored vehicles to face off against the faculty and students of the very institutions they lead. They fire tear gas and pepper spray into crowds of people who have done nothing more than stand upon the green, and watch them through the scope of a sniper rifle. All this to quash a non-violent protest&mdash;*this is what's at stake.*

In any society, democratic or otherwise, one's ability to effect any type of change is predicated on their ability to make their voice heard, and to organize. When that right is taken away, it's only a matter of time before the other liberties that we hold dear are likewise dispensed with. Consequently, those who wish to enable oppression and cruelty invariably find themselves depriving the people of their right to assemble as the preamble to further evil. This phenomenon is practically written into the DNA of this country; we have seen it time and time again, from its very inception, through formative chapters such as the civil rights and anti-war movement, and now it is unfolding before our very eyes. If two-odd centuries' experience resisting the constant erosion of free speech has taught us anything, it's that the foul spectre of authoritarianism must always be kept at bay and never allowed to take root.

Enemies of these values exist at all levels of the system, and they will work together to ensure that their goals are met. Thus, unless we are equally organized and united, our efforts to fight back will surely fall into disarray. The battle lines extend across borders and oceans; wherever there is abuse and neglect, there exist actors who seek to break our solidarity. But we won't let them succeed. The fight begins within our hearts and minds, where we must choose to believe that some good can be brought about in the world, and that the liberation of all peoples is a worthy goal. We will make it known that as long as the acts of repression continue, so will the struggle. And we will always remember our forebears who gave up everything they had in defense of human life, and continue what they have started.

We are certainly not the first to take up this cause, and we probably won't be the last. But until the job is done, we are here, and we say: bring it on!!