Every now and then, I wonder how I'd feel if something really awful happened to someone I care deeply about. Like, what if my own mother were to die tomorrow? Would I feel anything at all? Would I even cry?

Time and time again, I put myself in that imaginary situation, only for nothing to happen. No tears, no pit in my stomach, no insurmountable despair. Nothing. It's starting to get really creepy, to be honest. I mean, what the hell's wrong with me? Am I a sociopath or something? The only sane explanation I can think of is that maybe they're lacing my food with antidepressants at the dining hall, because I really, really don't want this to be who I am.

Whenever that happens, I invariably turn to dredging up memories where I might have felt something to prove myself wrong. Like when my first cat died. It was a long and drawn out process. When the time finally came, I remembered feeling a lot, but mostly anger at my parents for letting her succumb to such a slow, painful illness. And then, I cried. (Gee, what a fuckin' surprise!) But not long after, it's almost as if I stopped caring&mdash;out of sight, out of mind. Even back then, it felt like it all happened far too quickly. I remember wondering if I had even loved her at all. I kept trying to convince myself that that wasn't the case. I mean, I did all the things that someone who loves a cat might do; when she first came to our doorstep as a stray cat, I remember badgering my parents day and night to let us keep her. I'd snuggle up with her and play with her and hold her close, but what's it all worth if you don't have some sadness to show for it?

The next time something like that happens, I don't even know if I'd be able to fake tears.

The most alarming part is that I feel like my illness has only progressed with time. I've been subjecting myself to this little exercise since forever, but at least in the past, I could reassure myself by recalling moments of genuine emotion. I would give anything to be plunged back into one of my wintry bouts of depression, where I felt so crushed that I could not even bear to go on living, or to relive September 21st and to hear again those words that ripped my sinewy heart into a million shreds. Anything to escape the horrifying silence, to wake me up from this nightmare and prove that it was all a dream, that I am a normal person replete with capacity for happiness and grief and not some awful soulless machine.

Then, I wonder how it got to be this bad. Was I born like this, or was it the product of some horrible mistake in my upbringing? Maybe the work of privilege? Affluenza? Psychopathy? All possibilities, but deep down, I know that I am the one who is responsible for destroying any chance of redemption with my acidic tears of deceitful empathy and counterfeit compassion. I had the chance to at least be transparent regarding my vile spiritual disfigurement, and instead, I chose to don the costume of the sheep as I reached to draw them in with my disgusting tendrils of voyeuristic depravity. Now I am doomed to drown upon my own purulent secretions, stained green by bitter jealousy and perfumed with the putrid notes of cowardice, yet still I find the nerve to pen this desperate piece of performative self-flagellation in a final act of unabashed selfishness. 

I'm sitting here, writing this, and I just feel so profoundly empty and monstrous. My gross, decayed heart weakly trembles in fear of the ceaseless oblivion that certainly awaits such a diseased soul, but that too turns to apathy as I stare into an unending chasm of indifference and wish that it would just swallow me whole into its tepid blackness already.